Add hacks for BHNT 91 (#389)
berlin-hack-and-tell/berlinhackandtell.rocks: _posts/2023-10-31-no91-hacks-of-spooky-times.md

meetupUrl: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/berlin-hack-and-tell/events/296969733
---

> * [AAlink](https://github.com/artfwo/aalink) - syncing music over the network by [artfwo](https://github.com/artfwo) - **Hack of the Month**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AAlink](https://github.com/artfwo/aalink) - async Python interface for Ableton Link [artfwo](https://github.com/artfwo) - **Hack of the Month**
```
